the weather is just charged 'take a look
or is still no problems
people without leaves like grandma too
that he came pretty stupid here go
those backwards but the problems out there
are you like such but they still have
not yet found
you think that many miracles are allowed
also very nice to do
he listen oh less well unfortunately yes
but I have so so then do not really
and encountered problems
buzzer go off
I do not even know now if I put another
now I just want to talk to you
reciting ignores yes I know
buzzer sit down
buzzer lie down
well the buzzer speak to me and
readings sometimes there is still just so go
to pee
buzzer to pee
buzzer stuff dead
buzzer i love you yes but then lift
just an update I use to
reasonable, most states just ask
that he can do what he wants
and yes I still have none
problem under trees with it
with charging my summer with it
problems with that is hind legs not
more good can use to bag or so
actually I have nothing smarter about the
mother round
walking problem but even though the buzzer is
version one
who was extremely in the Netherlands
although this is yes
I just want you to do something different
so why are you going to put something in a bag
otherwise apparently well find those nice
to do
but they are still just responding
well went to it in xl free
respond laughingly as a sensors
respond well
sometimes 5 is always satisfied with that
crap
but they are so well test
he listens well he still does you
things i tell him to i see one
ask
unfortunately still completely good at what
of course just an issue is ryan
zoomers that a what this so I go
forward or telephone fronts of sleep
the listening
buzzer go to sleep
so in itself ran out on me
yes that's true too
no but why, because I think so and still
no problem at all under him and humus
like many people would do
the are taking care of who do it
just good the connection here and
she just does well when I press
then it just works such a microphone
just another route that button that works
another brood is working and I already have it
tried with other languages
German and English are the one then calls
you would also be fine
i am the we behind saeco should just be there
that such a move it out because he
drains really fast
do not wear it in a day then
then you can have a desk because then
you just get light and sound again
so that is really something i can do
recommend turn it off before you go
play or before you know kids
want to play along or hang out like that
at least an hour to browse then know
you sure that there is at least half an hour
can play
those are very important things because
I put it on the charger hole once
we did I do to him fifteen minutes
rotisserie room taken an interest and
all the stuff that I put him away
a day later I turned it on again and
start within five minutes in that
to sleep
he actually just asked from herings
noise was just that it was just on
ready is so beautiful and then we just do it
blue so it is then sin as the
children want to play with it is bad
sin and to camps and of course just
such a disappointment so that would be
so really recommend to just order
have it off continuously if you do with it
want player just turn it on and leave
him of the one and is well on that
it really is the battery life of the
Summer is not long but so far does
Just charge it well between the it
really the bugs of the buzzer series
one that this on that I notice on this summer
so in the end just not yet
I am very happy with that because it was
a risk what i d thats why i put it
so also
have bought Dutch instead of
english so it unfortunately not a single one
also just not the problems we have
or any new of the products problems
I had rather easy to deal with as small as
I can already order via England or via
france or belgium it was a piece
been difficult to order a
to drive
well this was part 2 of my summer
that would come to me a bit more
but so far it goes completely
good
bye